Eric and Paulina can you babysit Rodina
and twily Twyla's parents are out of
town and Regina wants to take a break
from the usual events that's very
orphanage tonight okay
Eric's dad just make sure my parents
know about it fine
dad how are you girls
we're doing well thanks okay
I hope we have fun with you hey I can
call you can I see the great recipe yes
how old are you I'm thirteen twelve five
okay Jane is going to take us to the
movie theater because she is seeing now
you see me
yummy I can't wait forget this I need my
baby memory back so I am going to see
Barney's great adventure Wow a lot of
kids are here to see this movie I wonder
if they are very excited about this
movie I'm excited but I'm a little
nervous too
Twilight
you'll soon know more about this place
than even I did the Equestria girls
trailer bomb
what am I
a human
I think that the Barney movie will be
awesome
do you like dinosaurs
with about them
that's Barney
I know it's Barney the whole world knows
it's Barney and he's a stuffed ball
you're wrong
Barney can walk and talk
in singing science
batteries not included
Wow this is an awesome movie I hope by
the end of it I get my baby memory back
hi guys looks like you are enjoying the
movie
wait where's Eric
sorry to say this but Eric needed to get
his baby memory back so he saw Barney's
great adventure he is so in trouble when
I find him I am taking twily with me
since she looks tired yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
my baby memory came back Eric is that yo
Oh
Eric I can't believe you let paulina be
Gina and twily at the Great Gatsby you
are grounded for two weeks when you get
home and I will call your parents no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no please I don't want to
leave
I was watching Barney's great adventure
dad don't punish me please
I just wanted my baby memory back you're
still grounded
go to bed Laura why
you